Add dynamic and import note. (#20145)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/dynamic-import.md

`DynamicComponent` will be the default component returned by `../components/hello`. It works like a regular React Component, and you can pass props to it as you normally would.

> > **Note**: import() needs to be explicitly written without template strings. Furthermore the import() has to be inside the dynamic() call for us to be able to match webpack bundles / module ids to the specific dynamic() call. Also, you can't use dynamic() inside of rendering as it needs to be marked in the top level of the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: import() needs to be explicitly written without template strings. Furthermore the import() has to be inside the dynamic() call for Next.js to be able to match webpack bundles / module ids to the specific dynamic() call and preload them before rendering. You can't use dynamic() inside of React rendering as it needs to be marked in the top level of the module for preloading to work.
```
